django blog lesson and challenge (#28)
Justice-Through-Code/fall_2021: challenges/django_blog_challenge/challenge.md

# Blog app: Django challenge

In this challenge, you'll build on the Django blog app demonstrated in today's lesson to add a few more features!

## Challenge steps

### Setup

1. Download [this zip file](https://courseworks2.columbia.edu/courses/141443/files/folder/django_templates?preview=12442208) from Canvas containing the `blogproject-challenge.zip`. This is the code demonstrated during class today.
    - Unzip the file and make sure to put the whole directory into the `django_projects` directory inside personal directory in your pod repo
2. Make sure you're on a new branch in your pod repo _and_ make sure you have activated your virtual environment for django
3. In the project directory create a superuser and log into admin view
4. In the admin view, a) create two tags and b) create two posts and select one or two tags for each post. `http://127.0.0.1:8000/blog` should now display two posts and their tags

### Build the 'Create Post' page

5. Similar to the Edit Post page, build the Create Post page at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/blog/create` that contains a form to create new posts. Use the `EditorForm` to do this.

> 6. Update the `blog.html` template to now link the `Create Post` anchor tag to point to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/blog/create` dynamically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Update the `blog.html` template to now have a hyperlink on this page to the 'Create Post' page you made! Use an  anchor tag to point to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/blog/create` dynamically
```
